Ch.14 Introducing the Standard Template Library
	Chapter Objectives:
	- 14.1 An overview of the Standard Template Library
	- 14.2 The container class
	- 14.3 Vectors
	- 14.4 Lists
	- 14.5 Maps
	- 14.6 Algorithms
	- 14.7 The 'string' class

Congratulations! If you have worked your way through the preceding chapters of this book, you can definitely call yourself a C++ programmer.
In this, the final chapter of the book, we will explore one of C++'s most exciting-and most advanced-features: the Standard Template
Library, or STL, was one of the major efforts that took place during the standartization of C++. The STL, was not part of the original
specification for C++ but was added during the standartization proceedings (ref. to 1997). The STL provides general-purpose, templatized
classes and functions that implement many popular and commonly used algorithms and data structures. For example, it includes support for
vectors, lists, queues, and stacks. It also defines various routines that access them. Becasue the STL is constructed from template classes,
the algorithms and data structures can be applied to nearly any type of data.

It must be stated at the outset that the STL is a complex piece of software engineering that uses some of C++'s most sophisticated features.
To understand and use the STL you must be comfortable with all of the material in the preceding chapters. Specifically, you must feel at
home with templates. The template syntax that describes the STL can seem quite intimidating - although it looks more complicated than it
actually is. While there is nothing in this chapter that is any more difficult than the material in the rest of this book, don't be
surprised or dismayed if you find the STL confusing at first. Just be patient, study the examples, and don't let the unfamiliar syntax
distract you from the STL's basic simplicty.

The STL is a large library, and not all of its features can be described in this chapter. In fact, a full description of the STL and all of
its features, nuances and programming techniques would fill a large book. The overview presented here is intended to familiarize you with
its basic operation, design philosophy, and programming fundamentals. After working through this chapter you will be able to easily
explore the remainder of the STL on your own.

This chapter also describes one of C++'s most important new classes: 'string'. The 'string' class defines a string data type that allows
you to work with character strings much as you do with other data types, using operators.
